what's up everyone Arctic here giving
you part two of my commentary asking
whether or not years of war three will
be on the pro circuit next season I get
that question quite frequently a lot
more than you would think especially the
last couple of months just a quick
rehash on part one I talked about some
of the reasons that gears of war two was
removed from the circuit I don't know
all the reasons but some of the ones
that I do know one obviously we were
playing a different game from online
tool and the title updates really didn't
affect land play so basically you were
playing the game with rag doll stuns and
online you were playing a game with
smoke stones so a little bit of practice
discrepancies that hurt obviously the
game from a viewer standpoint because
people didn't understand what was
happening and why there was ragdoll
stuns and from a practice standpoint for
players other thing obviously was hosted
managed think that's always going to be
a factor in years of war no matter what
and the last thing and i'll talk a
little bit more about that in a second
here is that stream numbers weren't very
good and obviously if the stream numbers
aren't good even with all the other
things i think they might have kept the
game on the circuit had they been a lot
higher so we got to get people watching
Gears of War 3 next season now answering
the question do I think Gears of War 3
will be on the pro circuit I want to
take this from the standpoint of what
I've seen so far from Sundance and other
people in the MLG community obviously he
seems like he's cautiously optimistic
I'm cautiously optimistic right now I
think that gears of war 3 won't be on
the circuit and the way that we think if
you want to compare to a game like
Starcraft or
Halo or Call of Duty I don't think we'll
be on in the same capacity that we see
with those games I think it'll be
possibly like Call of Duty was back in
2008-2009 where there's online
qualifiers and the top teams get to go
to you know maybe one or two events
during the season some type of
Invitational sorts you know there's just
a lot of question marks around that and
from examining like I said what
sundancer said on Twitter what was said
on the loser bracket show most recently
DVDs loser bracket show believe it was
episode 69 you know there's just some
some question marks that you know leave
you kind of like and I don't know if
it'll get picked up it's just I don't
know it just doesn't make sense to me
one of the things that some dance said
on Twitter was that he was actually
talking to fallout from get Bronco was
that he didn't feel like MLG could fund
the game on the circuit it would need to
be funded by some other entity whether
it be you know epic funding the game or
some type of advertiser old spice or
Microsoft or some something of that
nature do you think about call of duty
Sony is funding call of duty on the pro
circuit for emoji that makes sense and
there's not many teams it's not very
popular not as popular on the
PlayStation as it is on 360 the game
plays in this smooth so you know I just
I think that now that that's happened
within
actually like Sony stepping up to the
plate and funding it that's what they
want for a game like Gears of War I
don't know if that'll happen you know
it's hard to say an epic has said and
cliffy I said he's very interested when
MLG interviewed him at e3 said he's
interested he wants to see Gears of War
3 on the pro circuit they've said it you
know it's just a lot of ? people are
like you know they don't know what to
think another thing that Sundance kind
of alluded to was that he was interested
in helping the gears fans and he had
details about what a plan of action they
had so you know there's some type of
idea of what they want to do with gears
of war I just don't think it's going to
be a title that will be full-blown on
the pro circuit there will be
involvement from MLG there will be
something going on obviously you know
they're really interested in content for
the game they have stylist and I are
actually working on content for Gears of
War on the MLG website we've written now
for articles total so there is that
interest that interest is there it's
there between epic it's there with MLG
it's just a matter of you know like
Sunday and said will someone step up to
the plate other than the circuit and fun
the game and maybe you know maybe
memberships emoji memberships or some
other outside source will help
contribute to Gears of War having a
bigger presence on the circuit not one
hundred percent sure last thing I want
to mention before I go guys is that
regardless of whether or not you believe
it or not tuning in to live streams for
years of war is going to be huge next
season so in the event that you aren't
going to an event and don't have a team
like some of the teams that are going
you want to learn more about gears of
war you guys gotta tune in when whenever
there's a live stream watch gears up net
do the things that
help the game get on the circuit you got
to watch the live stream even if you
watch it one day it's better than not
watching it at all find the schedules
tune in help the game get on the circuit
cautiously optimistic don't know what
will happen this is Arctic out peace